
1 What fearsome animal does Copper battle in the climax of The Fox an The Hound? A grizzly bear
wolf coyote dog

2 What Dinsey heroine declares: "When I get home I shall write a book about this place."? Alice
Repunzel Aurora Belle

3 In The Sword in the Stone, what does Merlin call The Greatest Force on Earth? Love
Magic Knowledge Strength

4 In Aladdin, what is the name of Jasmine’s pet tiger? Rajah
Raj Abu Iago

5  Which Disney princess did not have a love interest in her film? Merida
Mulan Tiana Snow White

6 In Peter Pan, Captain Hook had a hook on which one of his hands? His Left
Right

7 What is now considered the fastest ride in Walt Disney World? Test Track
Hyperspace Mountain Splash Mountain Haunted Mansion

8 What author wrote the book that the animated feature The Jungle Book is based on? Rudyard Kipling
Hans Christian Andersen A.A. Milne Lewis Carroll

9 When does Mary Poppins say she will leave the Banks’ house? When the Wind Changes
When the season changes After the holidays End of the year

10 What Disney movie takes place in India? The Jungle Book
Aladdin Tangled Treasure Island

11 Which two Disney princesses featured red hair? Ariel and Merida
Repunzel and Ariel Belle and Merida Aurora and Snow White

12 Which princess has her mother alive, but her father is dead? Tiana
Aurora Rapunzel Elsa

13 In the Lion King, where does Mufasa and his family live? Pride Rock
Tree of Life Africa The Outlands

14 What is the name of the boy who owns Buzz Lightyear in the movie Toy Story? Andy
Sid Lenny Steve

15 In the movie Frozen, which song does Elsa sing as she builds the castle? Let it Go
When Will My Life Begin In Summer Do you want to build a Snowman

16 In the movie Finding Nemo, which country has Nemo been taken to? Australia
England Africa Pacific Coast

17 In which Disney movie is Hopper a villain? A Bug's Life
Ants The Jungle Book Zootopia

18 In which city is the Disney movie Ratatouille based? Paris
London Marseille Sydney

19 Which Disney princesses officially became princesses after they were married? Belle, Cinderella, and Tiana
Cinderella and Belle, Tiana Aurora and Merida, Snow White and Mulan

20 In Beauty and the Beast, how many eggs does Gaston eat for breakfast? 5 Dozen
12, 2 dozen, 36

21 During the battle with Aladdin, what type of animal does Jafar transform himself into? Cobra
Tiger Bear Lion

22 What do Aladdin and his monkey Abu steal from the marketplace when you’re first introduced to them in the movie? Loaf of Bread
Apple Cheese Fish

22 What popular Disney character makes an appearance as a stuffed animal in Frozen? Mickey Mouse
Whinnie the Pooh Goofy Donald Duck

23 After being on earth, where did Hercules first meet his father Zeus? Temple of Zeus
Atlantis City, Olympus Coliseum, Prometheus Academy

25 In Toy Story, what game does the slinky play? Checkers
Go Fish, Candyland, jenga

26 In Mary Poppins, what animal was on the end of Mary Poppins’ umbrella that spoke? A Parrot
cat, lizard, snake

27 What is the name of Donald Duck’s sister? Dumbella
Danna Daphne Daffodil

28 What was the first fairy tale that Walt Disney made a cartoon about? Little Red Riding Hood
Snow White, The Ugle Duckling, Pinnochio

29 In Hercules, Hades promised not to harm Megara provided that Hercules give up his strength. How long did he have to agree to give up his strength for? 24 Hours
Forever 12 hours 1 Week

30 What actor provided the voice of Lumiere in Beauty & the Beast? Jerry Orbach
Robby Benson, Jesse Corti, Bradley Pierce

31 What is the name of the original novel that inspired the full length feature animation, The Hunchback of Notre Dame? Notre Dame de Paris
Hunhback of Notre Dame, The Hunchback, The Bell Keeper

32 In what full length animated feature would you find a villain named Sykes? Oliver and Company
Aristocats, Lady and the Tramp, The Rescuers

33 What was the name of the dragon in Mulan? Mushu
Zhou Yao Shang

34 What Disney Full Length Animated Feature was released in only 14 theaters throughout the world due to it's sophistcated technology requirement? Fantasia
Snow White, Cinderella, Mary Poppins

35 In Lady & the Tramp, by what name did Tony call Tramp? Butch
Tramp, Pedro, Toughy

36 In the begining of the animated feature Dumbo, they zoom in on a map of the US to the state where the circus goes for the winter,what state do they zoom in on? Florida
Georgia Alabama Texas

37 What was the name of the whale in Pinocchio? Monstro
   Alexander, Jiminy, Stromboli
   
38  During the ballroom scene of Beauty & the Beast, what color is Belle’s Gown? Gold
blue, green, yellow

39 What was the first Disney Full Length Animated Feature that used the wide screen process of Cinema Scope? Lady & the Tramp
Mary Poppins, Alice in Wonderland, 101 Dalmations

40 In Bambi, what word does the owl use to describe falling in love? Twitterpatted
kerfuffle ragamuffin flummox

41 In Alice in Wonderland, what is the name of Alice’s kitten? Dinah
Pansy Thumper Diablo

42 In the Little Mermaid when Ariel sees Prince Eric, what type of celebration was happening on the ship?? A Birthday Party
New Years Party, Holiday Party, Welcome Back Party

43 What actor was the first to receive a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actor for providing a voice in a Disney Full Length Feature Animation? Robin Williams - Genie in Aladdin 
Cliff Edwards, Sterling Holloway, Ed Wynn

44 In the Aristocats, what kind of transportation does O’Malley spot to give Dutchess and the kittens a ride back to Paris in? A Milk Truck
Hot Dog Cart, Carriage, Train

45  Who is the nurse maid to the children in Peter Pan? Nanna the Saint Bernard
Daisy the Cat, Wendy, Mr. Smee 

46  In Pluto’s cartoon “Judgement Day”, Pluto is put on trial, what type of animals make up the jury? Cats
dogs, birds, variety

47  Who is Diablo? Maleficent’s Raven
Alice's Cat, Rapunzel's Chameleon, Jafar's Parrot

48 Which is the only Disney animated film with a main character that doesn’t speak? Dumbo
Tanlged Fantasia 101 Dalmations Lady and the Tramp

49 What name did Princess Aurora use to hide her identity while living in the cottage in the woods? Briar Rose
Flora Rose, Sweet Briar Rose, Sweet Briar

50 What was the last Disney movie officially overseen by Walt Disney? The Jungle Book
Sleeping Beauty, Mary Poppins, Parent Trap



51 Which actor supplied the voice of Mushu in Mulan? Eddie Murphy

52  Which Disney movie was the first to be nominated for an Oscar? Beauty and the Beast

53 Which Disney character makes an appearence in Big Hero 6? Olaf

54 How long has the curse been over the castle in Beauty and the Beast? 10 years

55 What time does the royal ball start in Cinderella? 8 p.m..

56 What animal does the sultan’s throne resemble in Aladdin? An elephant

57 What are the names of the parents in Peter Pan? George and Mary Darling

58 Which two dwarves in Snow White and the Seven Dwarves had the same voice? Grumpy and Sleepy were both voiced by Pinto Colvig, who also voices Goofy.

59  Which Disney princess makes a surprise appearance in the Hunchback of Notre Dame? Belle

60 Which Disney princess has the ability to heal others? Rapunzel

61 Which princess is known for wearing a green dress? Tiana

62 Which Disney princess wears pants rather than a dress? Jasmine

63 Which princess attempts to disguise herself as a man? Mulan

64 Which princess has a raccoon for a sidekick? Pocahontas

65 Who was the first Disney princess based on a real historical figure? Pocahontas

66  What color hair does Eric think his rescuer has in The Little Mermaid? Black or a dark color

67  What country is Belle from in Beauty and the Beast? France

68 Who was the first Disney princess? Snow White



